Fix the XGMII monitor to work correctly on raw bytes (#1545)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/1545.bugfix.rst

> The :class:`~cocotb.monitors.xgmii.XGMII` monitor no longer crashes on Python 3, and now assembles packets as :class:`bytes` not :class:`str`. The :class:`~cocotb.drivers.xgmii.XGMII` driver has expected :class:`bytes` since cocotb 1.2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`~cocotb.monitors.xgmii.XGMII` monitor no longer crashes on Python 3, and now assembles packets as :class:`bytes`, not :class:`str`. The :class:`~cocotb.drivers.xgmii.XGMII` driver has expected :class:`bytes` since cocotb 1.2.0.
```
?

Author: You're right, but I'm not a fan of the chained commas there. Rephrasing to...
```suggestion
The :class:`~cocotb.monitors.xgmii.XGMII` monitor no longer crashes on Python 3, and now assembles packets as :class:`bytes` instead of :class:`str`. The :class:`~cocotb.drivers.xgmii.XGMII` driver has expected :class:`bytes` since cocotb 1.2.0.
```
